Now before we finish up this module let's go back to some lists and to some scroll label content because
in this application we have no such content at all.
And actually it's crucial for you to understand how to work with lists and what some of the special
quirks are.
When it comes to lists so let's say here we want to lock the previous guest list to computer made you
want to lock that down here below our plus and minus button in this white empty space here.
For Dad we of course need to register any guests made by the computer and then output it in the list.
So in the game screen let's start with registering that.
Currently we're just counting rounds here.
The goal however has to be that we don't just count rounds but that we also saved the rounds.
So we saved a guess that was made in each round.
And to achieve that here in our rounds state we can simply manage an array instead of a number and I'll
name this past guesses to be really clear about what's in there.
And this is to have four names set past guesses.
So now the goal is to add a new guess here to this array whenever we generate a new random numbers.
So here in the next guess handler there where we set the rounds instead of setting the rounds like this
which we're not managing anymore we have to set our past guesses.
And there we need to use our previous guesses and actually add a new guess here.
Now for that we can use that function form here where we get the cur past guesses which is a bit of
a strange name but which simply means that this is our current state and we want to update that or it's
our latest state to be precise and we want to update that and we want to update it by returning a new
era which will be our new state and that of course should take our current past guesses into account
and then add new guesses stare.
Now we can either add a new guess at the end of that list or at the beginning and I'll actually added
at the beginning so did our most recent guests is always at the top of the list when we later render
it to the screen.
So here we can add next number which is our new current guests we're generating here and that's what
we have to add here as and right with that we're adding new items to this array with every guess.
Now don't forget that we also start with a guest though.
We generate an initial guess here.
I want to start with that guess in the list and therefore we have to add it to the list here.
So I'll extracted from our used state function call here and trade a new constant initial guess which
is this randomly generated number and now it's this initial guess which I add here to use state and
it's all of the initial guests I add as a first element to date array in our past guesses use state
initialization.
Now don't forget that use state as oldest code here of course reruns whenever this component reenters.
But the way you state works is such that react detects that a state for this component has already been
initialized.
So it will only set the state to this initial guess for the very first time this component renders and
not for a subsequent renders there.
Indeed this initial guess will be re created but it won't actually be used because of that detached
state handling where react finds out that we already have a state.
So with that we're initializing this word initializing our guests here in that list as well and we're
adding a new guest to the list at the bottom here with all of that.
We should have some past guesses which we can output in a list.
And now here we have two ways of putting this with a flat list or with the scroll view and I'll again
start with a scroll view for that.
So here below the card I'll add a scroll view and for Dad you need to import the scroll view from React
Native.
So let's do that here scroll.
You imported from React Native and output that below the list so that this is the scroll label content
because in there I'll have my dynamic content.
I'll use my past guesses and map this into a list of components.
So here I'll have my individual guests.
So to say and this should now return a component instead of this map function and such a guest component
could be a view let's say with a text in there where I simply output the guests.
So here I render this guess I'm getting and since I just add my guesses here directly like this to the
array the guests I have in there is just the guest number and I can simply output it like this here
now you'll learn Dad for items which were mapping like this you also need to add a key and we could
use our guests here as a key if weed would be guaranteed to be unique.
But with our current logic it actually isn't because in our current logic generate random between actually
generates a new random number where the upper boundary does high value here is excluded but the lower
boundary is included so we can get this lower boundary as a new random value.
Now the downside of this is that here where we're setting our new lower boundary we're setting this
to the current guess which means this can be repeated in a future random number and we actually saw
it as in this module too.
There is sometimes the computer guest a number which was guest a couple of rounds early already.
It's not a huge problem but now it is because now we need our guests to be guaranteed to be unique.
And the fix is simple though we can simply add one year when we set our new lower boundary because by
adding one here we ensure that the new lower boundary which is included in the random number generation
is actually one higher than the current guest which was false.
Otherwise we wouldn't have gotten here.
So now we're setting a new lower boundary which can be generated in the future but which we didn't generate
before.
So this is a little fix in the logic which doesn't hurt any ways.
And it's especially important if you plan on using the guests as a unique key here.
So with that.
Let's see whether that works.
Let's save that and let's give it a try.
Here on ISIS.
Start the game and we see our initial guests fifty seven.
It's not nicely formatted but we see it here now 57 is too high if I say lower we see the new guests
on top of the list and Woops I lied there and that seems to work.
Now of course we're getting an error when the game is over because they're we're trying to get our rounds
and we're not managing this as a state anymore so we'll have to fix that.
But I'm putting the list works now.
Let's fix our rounds error.
We're getting that is simply coming from use the fact where I forward rounds two on game over there
I then need to forward the number of rounds it's took the computer to guess our number.
Previously we had a Rollins variable here arounds state.
Now we just have past guesses which is in a race we can forward past guesses like this because on game
over Indiana needs a number.
But of course we can forward the length of past guesses which is just the number of rounds it took the
computer.
So with that if we do this now we should actually be able to all to finish the game successfully.
Give us a quick try here and solve the game.
Yeah.
Dad works.
So now we have dad working.
Now let's turn our heads towards that scroll view and the list items there again.
And let's make sure that we have the right styling there.